1 + 1? 2.
What do you get when you mix blue and yellow? green.
How many legs does the Legs of Man have? Three.
How many tails does a Manx cat have? None.
How many teeth does an aardvark have? None.
Which sea creature has three hearts? Octopus.
Which instrument has forty-seven strings and seven pedals? Harp.
Whose face was said to have launched 1000 ships? Helen of Troy.
In the traditional rhyme, how many mice were blind? Three.
How many bones does an adult human have? Two hundred and six.
How many pedals do most modern pianos have? Three.
Water boils at 212 degrees on which temperature scale? Fahrenheit.
Who went to school with a lamb? Mary.
Who sat in a corner eating a Christmas pie? Little Jack Horner.
Where did the lady wearing rings on her fingers and bells on her toes ride to? Banbury Cross.
Which item of nursery furniture was set on top of a tree? Cradle.
Which traditional children's rhyme was about the plague? Ring O'Roses.
Name the once-popular boy's building game which was aimed at developing an understanding of mechanics and electronics. Mechano.
Name the doll which was famous for crying. Tiny Tears.
Which furry creatures lived on Wimbledon Common? Wombles.
If you rode a Chopper, what was this? Bicycle.
What was soaked in vinegar then hung on a string? Conker.
What is the Italian word for pie? Pizza.
What is the national flower of Wales? Daffodil.
Which Australian marsupial enjoy eating eucalyptus leaves? Koala bear.
Which reptile, according to the song, should you never smile at? Crocodile.
Alfred, an ancient King of Wessex, is famous for burning what? Cakes.
In nautical terms, what is the opposite of port? Starboard.
How many bones are there on a Skull & Crossbones flag? Three.
What was Marilyn Monroe's natural hair colour? Ginger.
Name Fred Astaire's famous red-haired dancing partner. Ginger Rogers.
What is the world's tallest tree? The coast redwood, one of three sequoia species.
What name was given to the soldiers who protected Roman emperors? Praetorian Guard.
Which two metals is pewter made from? Tin and lead.
What was Louis Armstrong's chosen form of music? Jazz.
Name the port of Rome. Ostia.
Paul Newman ate fifty eggs in which film? Cool Hand Luke.
Don Alfonso is the lead role in which opera? Cosi Fan Tutte by Mozart.
Which city does the River Lagan flow through? Belfast.
Who sang about being an eggman and a walrus? The Beatles.
What takes place in Hong Kong's Happy Valley? Horse racing.
Which country does the sport of pelato come from? Spain.
What is one quarter of 1,000? 250.
Which is larger 50% or five eights? Five eights.
How many sides, in total, would three triangles and three rectangles have? 21.
Who changed the name of his ship from The Pelican to The Golden Hind? Sir Francis Drake.
What is manzanilla? A light sherry.
What is entomophobia? An irrational fear of insects.
Name the actor who died in 1984, and who also starred in the film titled 1984? Richard Burton.
Who invented the bikini? Louis Reard.
Which Scot founded the Presbyterian Church? John Knox.
When did the French Revolution end? 1799.
Which ocean surrounds the Maldives? Indian Ocean.
What is the name of Europe's most northern town? Hammerfest, Norway.
The last prisoner to be held in theTower of London was who? Rudolf Hesse.
Which Tasmanian marsupial is known for its fiery temper? Tasmanian Devil.
Who was the lover of the Roman known as Marc Anthony? Cleopatra.
Which summer desert is often eaten during Wimbledon's tennis matches? Strawberries and cream.
What happened to the racehorse named Shergar in 1983? Kidnapped.
In J.M. Barrie's novel, where did the Lost Boys live? Never Never Land.
Name the doctor played by Tom Baker, William Hartnell and Patrick Troughton, among others. Dr Who.
Which word can be placed before bottle, bell and bird? Blue.
Which Russian town suffered an infamous nuclear disaster in 1986? Chernobyl.
Which planet shares its name with a dog? Pluto.
In nautical terms, what is the opposite of windward? Leeward.
What is an irrational fear of trees called? Dendrophobia.
Which is the most northerly of the Channel Isles? Alderney.
Where on the human body is the zygomatic bone found? Facial cheek.
Which Welsh poet insisted that we do not go gently into the night? Dylan Thomas.
In women's gymnastics, what is 6ft. 6" long? Beam.
Which famous novel featured Jo, Meg, Beth and Amy March? Little Women.
Who wrote the poem Paradise Lost? John Milton.
Name the Chinese writer, born in 551 BCE, known for preaching high moral standards. Confucius.
Name the fictional character whose household duties did not prevent her determination to dance. Cinderella.
What did A.E. Frick invent in 1887, which are now worn by thousands if not millions of people? Contact lenses.
Which hero of a seasonal song has a very shiny nose? Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
Usually partnered with milk, but sometimes also with jam and custard, name this yellow-gold dry food. Cornflakes.
Available in many sizes and styles, and able to halt at many train-free stations, what am I? A radio.
Name this stringless fictional character created by Carlo Collodi over one hundred years ago. Pinocchio.
Which English national park is associated with poets and an illustrator of small animals? Lake District.
Which London square is famous–or infamous–for its pigeon population? Trafalgar.
Which frequently-used household item has a tree but no leaves? Mug.
I am Liverpudlian but not Liverpool. What am I? Everton Football Club.
Name the French novelist and poet, born in 1802, who was exiled to Jersey and who wrote about a hunchback. Victor Hugo.
Who was the Hollywood star, born in 1928, who made her first film at the age of three, and who was famous for frilly dresses and ringlets? Shirley Temple.
Name the American actress famous for her violet eyes and voluptuous figure, who found fame as an Egyptian. Elizabeth Taylor.
Which type entertainment has cars but no roads, curves but no figure, and white knuckles? Roller coaster.
What has three classes, can be found underground or high up, and can be a target for ultra-modern hopes or lavish nostalgia? Trains.
I have a cake and a table named after me, and I'm used all round the world. What am I? Coffee.
Home to the Ross Sea and a species of flightless bird. Where is this? Antarctica.
Name the British lady who played a role in the Crimean War, and who received the Order of Merit in 1907? Florence Nightingale.
Name the Corsican who captured Toulon and who sold Louisiana to America. Napoleon Bonaparte.
Born in the 16th Century in Devon, England, his career was linked to tobacco and potatoes, and he was imprisoned in the Tower of London. Who was this? Sir Walter Raleigh.
I'm called thick when close to the ground, but people smile when I'm high. What am I? A cloud.
Who created the animation for Monty Python? Terry Gilliam.
Who, in 1806, became King George's favourite potter? Josia Spode.
In the long-running British TV series, Coronation Street, what was the name of Minni Caldwell's cat? Bobby.
What is painter and sculptor Michelangelo's full name? Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni.
Name the artist who was born in Milan in 1571 and was described during his lifetime as the most famous painter in Rome, despite having had a death warrant issued against him by the pope. Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio.
Whereabouts in London is the Stock Exchange? Paternoster Square.
What is the world's biggest spider? Goliath birdeater tarantula.
Info.cern.ch is famous for being what? The world's very first website.
